
Explain File Structure - 

1 e2e-End to End
	It is used for end to end testing tool from product testing to production level (i.e. upto live) basically it required for dev ops people

2 .editorconfig- 
	It has "dot" before file name so,It is hidden file .It is used for every one for character editing to configure a editor according to your requirements
3 .gitignore- 
	Basically name implies "ignore" which content to ignore while uploading your work to github, for that purpose it is used.
4 angular.json- 
	It gives All information about the project.Information about File structure path e.g development,testing,e2e-End,production.It is main file for angular to use internally.
5 Package.json-
	It has dependancy to add it.There are 2 dependancy 
	1 Run dependancy
	2 Dev dependancy
	It is same as your java i.e. JVM- Run dependancy & JDK- Dev dependancy
6 tsconfig- 
	It used for typescript configuration, it contain information about typescript which version it is used, which standard it follows etc
7 tslint-
	Which variable has required intelligence or not that you can specify. Developer did not worried about this file.
8 Environments - 
	It is used for to live a project to set flag as environment development to production level.This all stuff handled by DevOps people
9 styles.css-
	It is global style sheet,to apply css globally to all.
10 polyfills.ts-
	It required for angular to fill gap between ES5,ES6 & ES7, Also it it is used for to import animations at browser level.
11 Karma.config-
	It is foundation of testing work flow. Ii is used to download jasmine plugin framework. Jasmine framework is used for testing.It is used to enable the plugin
12 test.ts-
	It is used for testing purpose
13 Index.html-
	It is main file to load your angular application in the browser
14 main.ts-
	It is again main file, also it is called entry point function.
15 assets folder-
	It is used for to keep static data inside the assets folder (image,audio,video or custom json file)
16 App folder - 
		It is used for developer to store component files. Every component has 4 basic files
		1 app.component.html - It is used for View Purpose to end user
		2 app.component.css - It is used to apply style effect for particular 	 component
		3 app.component.ts -It is used to process presentation logic data
		4 app.component.specs.ts - It is used for testing file. Every component has one specs.ts file.
		 















 





